[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure",
we are talking about the real
secret space program with
Peruvian researcher and author
Ricardo Gonzalez, who had
multiple contacts with
an extraterrestrial species
called the Apunians.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you.
>> In your books, you write
about the secret space program
that involves Alpha Centuri.
What is the secret
space program,
and how is it connected
to Alpha Centauri?
>> I believe that there is a
secret space program that goes
beyond the moon and Mars.
Since 2001, in our
experiences of contact,
we were asked to pay close
attention to this type
of secret initiative.
The ETs talked to us about
the Longshot Project.
And when we looked into it, we
discovered that this Project
Longshot actually existed.
It was developed in the
1980s, in the United States.
It was a ship without
a crew, which would
be sent to Alpha Centauri.
Later, the project
was abandoned,
and transformed into a
project by Stephen Hawking.
>> Who was in charge of that
program before Stephen Hawking?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> From the information
we gathered,
it spoke about a collaboration
between the US navy and NASA.
Actually, the original
documents are now
available on the internet.
When we were investigating
it back in the day,
we actually had to figure
it out through contacts
we had in the US.
But now that
information is public.
>> And what was their dynamic?
How are they planning
this program?
What does it entail?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> As I said, the program
was abandoned officially.
And the objective was
to send a ship that
had no crew to Alpha Centauri,
because there was already
the suspicion that in
that region of the cosmos,
there were planets that could
potentially sustain human life.
This is very curious,
because the project
was taking place in the '80s.
Then many years later,
in 2012, scientists
began to speak
officially about worlds
that were suitable for humans
to go, places in Alpha Centauri.
>> What type of craft or portal
would they utilize to get from
Earth to Alpha Centauri?
>> Obviously, this is a very
complex question to describe
the technology that would
be able to take us there.
The information that
the ETs gave to us
is that initially as
humans, we would first
try to confirm the existence
of places in Alpha Centauri.
This is why they planned
to send an unmanned ship,
first to confirm the
existence of these places,
then we would trace the
route and travel there
in ships with crews.
The project of Stephen Hawking
is actually an improved version
of Project Longshot.
As we can remember,
what the great scientist
Stephen Hawking proposed
was to actually send ships
that would be very, very small.
It would be nanotechnology
that would actually
be launched toward the
cosmos using laser lights.
He actually presented
this material
at a conference in
New York to the press.
This was April 12, 2016.
He did this alongside
a Russian investor
in energy, Yuri Milner.
And aside from Yuri Milner,
the owner of Facebook
was also there.
Very curious that the
world of social media
was present at that conference.
Perhaps because social media has
become a form of investigation
and of recruitment.
This project is just
attempting to establish
the basis for a possible
future trip to Alpha Centauri.
So with what type of technology
could we possibly go there?
To better answer your question,
which is very interesting,
it's a technology that
we still do not have.
That's why we're starting
with ships without a crew.
But the ETs say that the
technology will emerge.
It will come from hadron
accelerators and places
like CERN in
Europe, for example.
>> Are you aware that they
have already discovered life
in Alpha Centauri?
And if so, what are
the beings like?
>> When I've spoken about
this group of ETs that I call
the Apunians, whose name
comes from a myth related
to the Peruvian mountains,
as I explained, "Apu"
means mountain, beings that
were seen in the mountains.
Actually, they originate
in Alpha Centauri.
They have a human
aspect, very tall,
and advanced psychic and
technological abilities.
They say that part
of the population
in those worlds in Alpha
Centauri, not all of them
have ET origins.
I know this sounds
like science fiction,
but some of those
beings in Alpha Centauri
are human descendants.
They are the astronauts
that traveled there.
Because of a crisis that
occurred on our planet,
they had no choice
but to move there.
It was a human immigration
without precedent.
This means that perhaps some
of the ETs that are currently
coming to visit us,
maybe some of them
could be the humans
that traveled there,
or their descendants.
>> Do you believe there's any
Earth humans that are in Alpha
Centauri?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> According to what
they've told us,
there was a group of about 400
human astronauts in a time that
has not yet occurred
on our planet,
that traveled there with
this new technology.
All of them made it,
but their descendants
have actually been mistaken
for ETs in current contacts.
Because they made
a trip across time,
and they actually came to
Earth to warn us about what
could happen in the future.
And I know that Stephen Hawking
knew this when he referenced it
when he took that picture with
the sign saying "welcome time
travellers."
Perhaps he was waiting for them.
If our scientists
know that there
are worlds that can be
colonized in Alpha Centauri,
it's because somebody told
them, not because they
discovered it themselves.
Perhaps these very beings told
our scientists this story,
almost like a hidden letter.
It's the last move on the
table, in case it goes wrong.
But that's not the message.
The message is
that we don't have
to play that last
card on the table
and abandon Earth to
flee to Alpha Centauri.
>> Is it possible, Ricardo,
that like the Hopi,
we see these Kachina
dolls, that these visitors,
these astronauts who have
come from, let's say,
Alpha Centauri, for the
sake of it, are actually us?
[CHUCKLING]
>> I consider the story of
the Hopis to be authentic,
because it's the same stories.
You can find it all
throughout the Americas.
When White Bear,
the Hopi leader,
spoke to the NASA
scientists Blumrich,
that some beings from the
stars named Kachinas that
came from Pleiades saved
them from Kashkera, that it
was the original lost world
of the Hopi, a lot of people
asked if those gods were
ETs, and if it was possible
that they could be connected
to the story of Alpha Centauri,
and with our human
descendants of the future.
Although I don't have specific
information about that,
I do have information that they
cannot intervene in that way
again.
They can't keep coming to
solve our problems or concern
themselves, if humanity
has to be saved
every time it self-destructs.
>> Why can't they
come and assist?
>> They are trying to help
us, but in another way.
The ones that could assist
us, I'm talking about the ETs
that respect humanity and
are part of the alliance.
You might remember that there
was some information that
was in ufology in the 1980s,
where many contactees said
that they had some
type of vision,
where they could see humans
going on board spaceships,
and would leave Earth.
This produced some type of
fever of visions in many people
at the time, that they
interpreted as an ET
evacuation, just like
the gods of the Hopi
with their ancestors.
There were groups of
contactees in the '80s that
said that this project
of world evacuation
was going to happen any
minute, and only those people
with the highest frequency
would be evacuated.
Even though some of this
can seem silly to some of us
at this point, at the
time a lot of people
believed it completely.
So the question is,
beyond the hallucinations
and overstatements, was there
a real vision behind all that?
And perhaps it wasn't an
evacuation of humans by ETs,
but more of an evacuation of
humans from the future, so
that many humans were actually
evacuating themselves,
the secret project
to Alpha Centauri.
>> So the travelers from Alpha
Centauri who are here now were
possibly, hypothetically
speaking of the story,
evacuated by their families
and from another system?
>> The descendants of the
travelers that went to Alpha
Centauri somehow were able
to arrive here in our time,
in order to warn their
grandparents or their great
grandparents what could
happen in the future.
I know it sounds like a science
fiction story from Hollywood,
but reality is
better than fiction.
When Stephen Hawking and
his team of scientists
from Cambridge
suggested that we only
have 100 years to migrate
to another planet,
we did not see
this in the movies.
When Stephen Hawking gave this
conference in the US in 2016,
and spoke about the necessity
to explore Alpha Centauri,
we saw it in the news,
not in the movies.
So it is important to pay
attention to the science.
This secret space
program to Alpha Centauri
is already underway.
And like I said, some of
the ETs that are today
having contact with
people on Earth
could be the descendants
of those astronauts.
>> Who do you believe is
in charge of this program?
Today?
>> According to
Ivika and Antarel,
the ETs that are
in contact with me,
there isn't a particular leader
that is in charge of this
program.
Not even a nation
that is in charge.
It is a secret program that is
an international collective.
And at the moment, in
2020, it is actually
taking its first steps
behind the scenes.
>> Do you trust this collective?
>> They're in the beginning
stages of making the pathway
for the program.
It will be called the Ark.
It will not be established
in any great world power.
The special launchpad
is not going
to be in the United
States, or Europe.
It won't be in China.
It will be in the
south of South America.
To be more exact, it will
be in the desert of Atacama,
in Chile.
There are some
installations of some
of the most scientific
powers there already.
>> Why did they pick
the Atacama Desert?
>> Because Atacama is an ideal
place for an interdimensional
trip.
As we were talking
about physical ships
in order to take a trip to
Alpha Centauri with a technology
that humans will
soon discover, it
will be required
that the ships launch
from a special place that will
allow for the first impulse
to be controlled.
It's hard for me to
describe it with my words.
Think about it as
a quantic impulse
that has to be done from a
place that is a node of power.
That place exists in
the Atacama Desert.
Currently, it's populated
by one of the most important
observatories in the
world, the Project Alma.
That has at this
time 66 antennas
that are investigating
Alpha Centauri.
You know how the ancient
people of the Atacama Desert
call that valley of Atacama?
Chajnantor.
That means "the
place of the launch."
Memories from the future.
It's like a great plateau
in the desert of Atacama.
That's 5,000 meters high.
It's actually higher
than the peak of Mt.
Shasta.
I was there.
It's a fascinating place.
When the Alma Observatory
stops functioning,
according to the ETs, they will
build the official launch pad
for Alpha Centauri.
>> Who is allowed to go on
this official launch off?
>> I don't have the details
about this information.
Just very small
pieces of information
that they have given us.
A collaboration
of various powers.
It will be called the Ark.
>> According to these
beings, Ricardo,
what events might push humanity
off planet, to leave Earth?
>> There are different things
that could force humanity
to abandon the planet.
These events could
basically be grouped first
in human behavior, like poor
behavior, bad coexistence.
It could be worsened
by a cosmic tragedy.
Always according to
what they tell us,
we could experience the
impact of an asteroid
on the northern
part of the Earth.
If this happens, it
will not completely
eliminate the
population of Earth,
but it will worsen
our world situation,
because it would be
a very big tragedy,
and it will push a
huge migration that
will highlight our poverty
and our need for survival.
>> Did they ever mention a
timeline to you or anyone
in your group, when
this could happen?
>> They say that this has
already happened in another
timeline.
So if not for that, these
ETs that are not really ETs
would not exist.
Because these quote unquote
ETs that we are having contact
with, some of them
would be the descendants
of those astronauts.
Therefore, this
occurrence has already
happened in another timeline.
Now, in what year in that
other timeline did this occur?
In the year 2027.
That means that in
this timeline, that
could happen in the same year.
Not necessarily, but
if it does happen,
we know what's happening next.
>> What will it take for
it not to happen, Ricardo?
>> In order to change things,
to make sure that this does not
happen, so that these patterns
of behavior and occurrence do
not happen in this timeline,
we must change our conduct,
and get more people to
change their consciousness.
Many people will say
this is impossible.
Look at the way things
are in the world.
But it's not necessary that
the whole population changes.
According to these ETs,
as long as a group,
a critical mass of people reach
this level of consciousness,
not even 10% of the
world's population,
it could start a domino effect,
a chain reaction of awareness
that could actually influence
the different timelines.
This is the key to be
able to change things.
This is why you will notice
that in the recent history
of humanity, there is an
acceleration of the sharing
of these topics, intense,
rushed, it's reaching millions
of people, because the more
people remember these memories,
we will have the tools to
be able to modify this.
Here we open two
different interpretations.
One might say,
how is it possible
that a small group
of humanity could
have more weight than the
majority of the population that
is asleep?
It's almost like this TV
studio, which is pretty large,
all of a sudden had a blackout,
and there were no lights here.
You would not be
able to see anything.
Everything would be dark.
This is what would
permeate this big room.
However, all you would need is
just one person with a light,
and it would stop the darkness.
Just one candle.
Then another way the
other interpretation
that I was going to
share is not just
that consciousness can generate
miracles in the future.
It activates rules that are
unknown to the human being
right now, that actually
work in other worlds
and civilizations, protocols
that would be able to help us.
In other words, if we
were able to achieve
a certain level of
consciousness in humanity,
we would be able to get
help from other beings
in the cosmos.
If we don't do it,
they're not going to help.
It's almost like if a person was
lost in the Alaskan mountains.
The helicopter,
with help, is not
going to suddenly
arrive to the camp
where the person was lost,
unless this person did
something to get the
attention of the helicopter,
or had written SOS in the snow.
Things don't come for free.
We have to work and earn them.
The level of consciousness
of a group in humanity
can activate those protocols
from another civilization,
so that with their
knowledge and technology,
they can come and
help, and not just make
an asteroid take a detour.
>> Is this part also, you said
not just the Apunians but this
federation, you said there was
others involved that may or may
not allow this meteor, just
hypothetically speaking, come.
Are the Apunians,
number one, are
they part of this
federation, and in what way?
>> There are several ET
Civilizations that are involved
in that alliance, that some
involved with the contact
phenomena, as you call
it, the Federation,
and the beings that we call
Apunians are involved in that
alliance that is respectful
and loving to humanity.
There are organizations that
are amazing in the cosmos,
of mutual help, of
progress and evolution.
Perhaps a skeptic
could think that we
are inspired by "Star Trek" when
we speak of these things today.
But in reality,
this knowledge came
before all the stories
of science fiction
that we've heard of.
A lot of people
would be surprised
that a lot of things that we
have seen in science fiction
always existed, just
like many of the things
that we've seen in
science fiction,
like "Star Trek"
are today a reality.
The USB drives, plasma TVs,
iPads, tablets, the holograms,
et cetera, et cetera.
Before we saw them in actuality,
we saw them in "Star Trek."
We were remembering.
>> I use the term
"federation" now and then.
Is there another
term that you're
aware of that they might
use besides the federation?
>> I mentioned earlier that
I don't have details about
the different worlds that
are part of this alliance,
how many worlds compose it.
But we do know that
many civilizations
from stellar sectors over the
universe that we are aware of
are part of this alliance.
But we do have to
make a distinction
between those stellar regions.
For example, when somebody
speaks about the Pleiades
or of Orion, they
forget that we are not
speaking about one world.
>> That's right.
>> We're speaking
about a constellation.
>> So many.
>> It's a group, of a group of
stars that have multiple solar
systems.
As an example, there
are people that, when
they look to the stars,
they see the belt of Orion,
and they could think it's
just three stars that
are lined up like that.
>> I laugh at this.
It probably happens to
you at the conferences,
when someone comes up and
says, "I am from Pleiades.
I am from Orion."
I said, well, that's a
trillion different planets
and stars there.
>> You got it.
I feel the same.
>> I don't think they
understand the concept of--
it's not just you opening a flat
book and look at the astrology
there.
This is a much greater thing.
So I'm so glad you brought
that up, because for me it
is very entertaining.
But I feel for
everyone, because they
do have this affinity for this,
because it's in their lineage.
>> Every stellar
sector has a frequency.
But within that
very system, there
are sub levels of frequency,
civilizations, agendas,
cultures.
The universe is so diverse.
It is possible that ET
entities, as a wide margin
of identification,
would tell a witness,
"I come from this sector
of the Pleiadean stars."
>> That's right.
>> But if the contact
becomes more profound,
the entity might be able to
tell the witness exactly where
they're from.
So having said this, when we
speak about the worlds that
make up the
confederation, there are
civilizations from the Pleiades
and Orion that are involved,
and others that have
not been allowed to be.
Because some of the
civilizations from Orion,
for example, according to the
messages that we've received,
have had behavior that is
balanced and in equilibrium
in the universe.
And some have not, the
same as the Pleiades,
or any other place
in the cosmos.
That's why it's so difficult
to say which worlds are part
of it, what the agendas are.
>> It's like, look
at planet Earth.
I am from Earth, but look
how many races on Earth.
The same thing amongst
the solar system.
In the projects, we
don't say, "oh, we
have a Pleiadean piece
of tissue or ET."
We say, this is the frequency,
with a number on it,
that they are from this
system, this star system.
And there's many
sequences to that.
Like you said, subdivisions.
Many, many, many.
So it's good to clarify for
the viewers what you said.
And of course, I
can attest to that.
There's no names for that.
It's measured by the
frequency from that sector.
You said the word "sector."
Perfect.
Because everything is
measured in coordinates
of sectors out there, of
planetary planets and moons
and--
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I agree with that.
It's like if an ET
in the Pleiades,
let's say to be more exact,
in a system of the star
Taygeta welcomes
a human Astronaut
and when the human
astronaut arrives,
the ET says, "where
are you from?
What a long trip.
Hundreds and hundreds
of light years."
The astronaut is not going
to say "I'm from Kansas."
He might not even say "I'm
from the United States",
or even "I'm from Earth."
He might not even be able to
say "I'm from the solar system."
If the human astronaut was
more knowledgeable about the ET
civilization, and
they are aware that we
are in a solar
system on Earth, that
could perhaps be seen as part
of a larger constellation, that
perhaps looks like
some type of an animal
that they would call Bubble.
The astronaut from
Kansas would say,
"I'm from the
constellation of Bubble",
so that the ET could understand.
But as I said, these
details can be disclosed
when there is more contact.
>> Absolutely.
I agree.
We're such a microcosm,
planet Earth,
compared to the entire
universe out there.
So it's fun and entertaining
to talk about how large it
is with everyone out there.
And it's just fascinating,
fascinating stuff.
Ricardo, is there
any parting message
that you would like to
leave for our viewers?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> What would be the main part
of the message that I would
like to share, that I have
received from these beings?
What would I dare to share
with these people that
are watching me now?
It's really difficult.
I have a lot of ideas, and
a lot of emotions right now.
But to leave my
intellect aside, and just
by feeling in this moment,
there's some things
that I feel I want to say.
That it is important to
know that we are not alone
in the universe.
Saying that, it's
even insufficient.
In reality, we're
not alone on Earth.
To become aware of
this will liberate us.
The other thought
that I have right now
about the possible future, we
are able to change that future.
We are able to change the
things that might come.
The main message
that I have gotten
is that the more an
individual awakens and gains
awareness and
consciousness, that person
will have more tools
to decide, and to be
able to change things.
It is really absurd
to try to change
the world, or your
country, or your society.
Try yourself first.
Be at peace with your family.
Otherwise, how can you be at
peace with the cosmic family?
This is not a
psychological message.
I'm not trying to be a coach.
This is just common sense.
We cannot hug the universe if
we don't hug each other This
doesn't mean that we have to
agree with any injustices,
that we ignore the lies.
We can still have the
character to stand up
to what we feel is
wrong, because the truth
is part of this coexistence.
I'm talking about the genuine
and authentic intention
of changing.
>> Bravo.
Thank you so much,
Ricardo, for saying that.
Very touching.
Once again, Ricardo, thank
you for coming on the show.
>> Thank you for this
interview, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure".
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]